# 2022-02-15

- Lead: RS
- Note Taker: TR

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [X] Ryan Straight (RS)
- [X] Diana Saldana (DS)
- [X] Tony Vega (TV)
- [X] Tyler Rhea (TR)
- [ ] Juan Carlos Alcala (JCA)
- [X] Ariella Valencia (AV)


### Guests

- [X] Cesar Flores (CF)

## Weekly review

- We skipped the last meeting. Catching up this time.
- How's everyone doing?
- Accomplishments for these past few weeks

	- DS
		- Commencement of the AWUC club in Yuma.
		- Refer to RS on club registration for UA.
		- Brainstorm with students, a new name for the club.
		
	- TV
		- Look into steam library sharing across accounts.
		- Develope protocols with the various available software.
		
	- TR
		- Capstone research.
		
	- AV
		- Get timesheets in before 4pm on Fridays.

- Congratulations to Juan Carlos Alcala for starting a new full-time position!

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add your name to the appropriate list above and add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->

### Ecosystem switch (RS, 20m)

RS has decided we should switch back to Microsoft Teams rather than Discord. We'll see an introduction to the new ecosystem, automations, project process, et cetera.

           [https://emailarizona.sharepoint.com/sites/CAST-MAVRX-Lab/SitePages/CollabHome.aspx](https://emailarizona.sharepoint.com/sites/CAST-MAVRX-Lab/SitePages/CollabHome.aspx)

### Project Template (RS, 10m)

RS will show the new project template in GitHub. He's working on a very clear process for getting projects started, which aligns with the previous item.

### Museum Project (DS, 10m)

DS will share information about the Museum Project.

           [https://azstateparks.com/colorado-river/](https://azstateparks.com/colorado-river/)

The goal is to 3D map both the interior and exteriors for integration within the webpage.

Utilizing AR, demonstrate the old artifacts used by the militia during the early 1900s.

### MyWebAR (RS, 10m)

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes after they're published.
