
# Workers - 2022-01-18

- Lead: RS
- Note Taker: TR

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [X] Ryan Straight (RS)
- [X] Diana Saldana (DS)
- [X] Tony Vega (TV)
- [X] Tyler Rhea (TR)
- [ ] Juan Carlos Alcala (JCA)
- [X] Ariella Valencia (AV)

### Guests

- [X] Paul Wagner (PW)

## Weekly review

- Welcome back!
- Updates since last year:
	- K-95 and surgical masks required on campus.
    - How's everybody doing? feeling good about spring?
    - We now have a newsletter.
        - We'll talk about it in a bit.
    - Spring semester events
        - There's a magazine feature being done on me. A photographer will be coming by the lab at 9:30am on Monday the 24th. So, we need to make sure the website is up to date in terms of profiles and pictures and so on.
            - Herald's Review
        - Working with Emily on a possible event during spring
    - PIF resubmission
        - I'll be meeting with our research dean as well as attending a PIF workshop to ensure we have the best possible chance of getting it funded.
        - If any changes are made to the proposal, I'll let folks know. It will likely be budgetary in nature.
- (General notes on weekly review here.)
    - Club via Diana. Paul has money for this. (Kinda, college might)
    - MAVRX Mondays for this?
    - Speaker series at the club? Invite external folks?

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add your name to the appropriate list above and add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->

### SV lab schedule (RS, 10 minutes)

We need to pin down the schedule for the Sierra Vista lab. This includes working with AV to make sure keys are available.

+ The addition of keyless entry will be starting soon to the doors on campus. This will be **ideal** as it lets folks have their own passcodes to get in. I'll be updating on that as we know more.
+ Schedule notes:
    + TV: Wild decide based on Diana's day
    + TR: Tuesdays
    + RS: I'm typically there on Mondays and whenever there's an event that requires my presence.

### Lab Manual (RS, 15 minutes)

First draft is done(ish!) You can find it here: https://mavrxlab.github.io/lab-manual/

What is it missing? What needs blown out?

+ Typo PR

### MetaMeta (Newsletter) (RS, 5 minutes)

Need to work out a process/protocol for getting input. MetaMeta, as the newsletter is called (https://mavrxlab.org/newsletter) consists of 3 news items, 1 bit of lab news, and 1 article citation and abstract. See the first issue for an example: https://www.getrevue.co/profile/metameta/issues/metameta-issue-1-ma-vr-x-lab-uarizona-968973

+ I'm working with UITS to make sure the newsletter doesn't get caught by spam.
+ Curator rotation between staff after verification to allow additional logins.

### Protocols.io (RS, 10 minutes)

Introduction to Protocols.io. This is where the lab will be keeping any relevant step-by-step instructions that aren't sensitive or confidential in nature. (Good place to keep the MetaMeta process!) https://www.protocols.io/workspaces/mavrx-lab

Someone want to volunteer to become a protocols.io expert?

### Adobe Aero (RS, 2 minutes)

RS will be working with the public relations folks at CAST on a public works project. To support this, we need an Adobe Aero expert that can be the point-person for the project's augmented reality component. Volunteers?

Sign-up for Adobe CC here: https://adobe.arizona.edu/signup/adobe-creative-cloud

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes after they're published.
